TEST
President Donald Trump on Thursday announced that he would soon sign an executive
order to create a "National Commission to Promote Patriotic Education" in a speech that
was heavily focused on politics that seemed directed at his conservative base supporters.
He said it will be called "The 1776 Commission" and "encourage our educators to teach our
children about the miracle of American history."
Trump's  speech  from the  White  House  History  Conference  at  the  National  Archives  in
Washington,  D.C.,  focused on  bashing  "The 1619  Project,"  which  is  a  New York  Times
project aimed at reframing "the country's history by placing the consequences of slavery
and the contributions of black Americans at the very center of our national narrative." Earlier
this month he threatened to withhold federal funding for public schools in California that
incorporated the 1619 Project into the history curriculum.
The president slammed the project and likened the teaching of critical race theory to "child
abuse."
"This project rewrites American history to teach our children that we were founded on the
principle of oppression, not freedom. Nothing could be further from the truth," Trump said.
"America's founding set in motion the unstoppable chain of events that abolished slavery,
secured civil  rights, defeated communism and fascism and built the most fair, equal and
prosperous nation in human history."
Trump, who has attempted to brand himself as the law and order president, said that "left-
wing  rioting  and mayhem"  was  a  result  of  "decades  of  left-wing  indoctrination  in  our
schools."
The president has been particularly defensive of police officers amid nation protests for
social justice reform following multiple police killings of Black people.
"We will reclaim our history, and our country, for citizens of every race, color, religion and
creed," Trump said. "The radicals burning American flags want to burn down the principles
enshrined  in  our  founding  documents,  including  the  bedrock  principle  of  equal  justice
under law."
